 Copyright 2006 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.

 Licensed under the SCEA Shared Source License, Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this 
 file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
 http://research.scea.com/scea_shared_source_license.html

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License 
 is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or 
 implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the 
 License.

COLLADA FX Loader Release Notes
-------------------------------

Description:

The COLLADA FX Loader project is a sample that was developed to load a
basic COLLADA FX document, and to make all of the calls to the Cg / CgGL
runtime to create and initialize the materials and effects defined in
COLLADA.

It also provides an API to apply those effects through calls to set and
reset the pass state of an effect.  The client code just needs to push
the polygons after setting the pass state to draw with the desired material.

The loader does not currently provide exhaustive support for all of the
types or states that can be used in Cg and OpenGL.  The framework that
is in place is easily extensible to add implementation for any types or
states that are needed and currently unsupported.

It has been sufficient to load and run moderately complex effects that
we have tested and used in demos so far.  It does not yet support render
targets yet or full screen effects.

The sources for the COLLADA FX loader build into a library called
libcfx.a that must be linked into the application.

The loader uses the COLLADA DOM when loading assets directly out of
COLLADA, or the effects and materials can be converted into a binary
format native to libcfx.

authors: Tanya Scovill, SCEA
         Andrew Lorino, SCEA
         

Dependency:

**COLLADA FX Loader requires CG 1.5. It can be obtained at 
http://www.nvidia.com/object/cg_toolkit.html
